Yeah.
So let's go to this part.
At stake then put also we have three one, one, one.
Let's dig in.
And what do we need?
Yeah, the Eddie.
We're going to stick it out only when we're using it.
So what we want to know is how many ones, twos and threes are there.
So let's say one, two, three.
Zero.
Let me take it globally so that.
Okay.
Well.
Zero.
Initializing with zero initially.
And then we will simply.
Right.
And what would happen?
So here we have.
Okay.
So let's do it in an easy way, not waste time on this rule.
It's a count and counted before eight or at least initially say own zero.
Size of found.
So I will simply say Count Sofia, blessed with a20001261 and so on.
But I didn't simply say, See how deep?
And here it will be count zero, count one count who owned the whole?
I'm bossing all the variables because I need to solve this recurrence relation.
If we ABCD.
So here we'll have oh so we need to do a double date because we are worried about the expected values.
It's defined double.
Ali as long a bill.
Now what we'll do is just write the DP function that we have zero fun.
Well.
So what are the cases that we have?
This is a reconciliation is an plus.
Okay.
Let me say that early onset is equal to.
And initially it is.
And plus.
Unless it goes to be, which is kind of one in this case, one in too deep of.
Zero plus one, one minus one, two and three, eight.
Then we have.
We can make it to one, which is.
One will be incremented by one.
And you will be discriminated.
Similarly we can have.
It.
Nightingale, a Dingell.
You will be incremented and three will be discriminated.
But we have only these three because of relations and we have also multiplied them.
Finally, what we need to do is answer.
There she goes to which is end minus is sorted and minus eight is equal to one plus two +38 or let's
say 10 minutes you.
And minus eight.
And let's say it is.
Double.
It will simply return.
Answer, Rachel.
It's good.
It's working.
So dinner dates.
You know, I guess.
Oh, but I haven't.
Put it in the best case.
It will go on for several days.
What's the best case?
If.
So it's very simple that none of them can go beyond zero eight.
So if let's say one is equals to.
The count of one is equal.
It cannot go beyond zero eight.
Cannot go beyond zero.
We can only make one move and there is one eight.
So what?
What is the basis?
When will we be reaching the basis?
It is simple.
If.
Zero plus one plus two plus P is equal to zero.
That means all of them are zero.
Then only they'll be equal to zero because I won't allow them.
I won't like allow them to go beyond zero eight if this is zero ultimately written.
What you're editing.
Think about this when all of them are zero, that I don't have anything to pay.
What is expected?
When?
It is but eight and.
The next is we have our sequels to n.
No problem with that.
Yeah.
So we can only make this one movie if I have one left.
A similarly.
Hey.
Willis again.
It's sick.
So there is something else that we are not getting correctly.
Hmm.
Okay.
So initially I took in.
I looking at it in.
And found of A-plus.
Plus, this works.
Who?
Let me check once.
What's happening?
And minus.
Zero.
Okay.
But what we have is, okay, we have three ones, then we have one too.
And then we have the one right.
Then we have three zeros.
I think this is great.
Great.
No.
Why?
Because it will always go in this fun.
And.
And this to.
No, it won't go into entries.
So let me check with zero plus one minus one one lesbian two -1.2 plus one and three minus one.
Yes.
Okay.
There might be a problem here.
And -0.
I hope this is never.
It's becoming zero in this case.
Case.
It went and is still and is Equestria three and zero is equal to.
Three.
He'd been basically been all zeros.
What do we do in this case when.
But it is N minus a.
Right.
Or maybe I'm mistaken.
Let me check.
It is.
And minus a.
Eight and zero.
So we just.
Let's have a check if and -0.
Then simply divide it by zero.
It.
So again, there has to be some issue.
Let me quickly check it.
I kind of made a strong base case, actually, because case one was two plus zero plus one.
Vegetable three always equals two.
And so how can this be called a zero?
It can be equal to zero, right.
So here we have this one plus two plus three should be equal to zero.
That means now all that is is going to be zero.
So she says there are no more cruise ships to be built that simply don't make it.
And.
Now, as you can see, we're getting on so in a sec.
Yeah.
So it is 5.5 Iraqis.
So let's not take this now.
Okay.
So.
Can there be another mistake that we are doing?
I think the worst case is correct.
And of course, one can never go negative.
Two can never go negative.
Three can never go negative.
No, because we are already taking it.
And in the end for year end -0, they should book.
1230 will simply return.
Zero.
Not one member.
If you don't have any switches to pick.
And the answer should be zero, not one study.
I'm just.
Maybe exhausted.
Because of course, guys, if there's no sushi to pick, then we can't make a move.
We are not making a moving expected number of throws it with zeros because all the switches have been
picked.
They before all the species are eaten.
So all of them are written because they run and live.
The number of the truths required is zero.
And we have this base.
I don't know.
I was putting one beginning.
Would.
Let's stick.
Okay.
So this is three.
This will be to.
Oprah Winfrey.
Yes.
And then let's take this.
Okay.
So it's taking time because we haven't memorized it and it still.
Fanning and it will keep on running.
Let me cancel the build.
Because we can see we have many seats over.
So what we can do is we can simply memorize it first.
It's my music.
Could we be more?
And let's take and the we in much.
Being eight so constant in.
And is 307.
Full and biometric entry only because we know that we have only memories, three of them because for
one can easily be today.
So you can pick any entry and memorize it.
Eight to.
And we have it in Canada.
These three variables.
And it's a minimum wage in case equals to.
Minus.
Well.
So it goes from zero to capital in.
Reptilian and reptilian.
They?
Yeah.
Anything else?
So we have to change this, which is.
So it is he goes to the to a of fine to.
You can also take zero.
It.
If answer is not equal to minus one, then simply written answer.
S answer is good Stalin and do the calculation.
Eight.
We have four 54.40 zero six and it's just printing till fourth decimal places.
Let's set the pre season.
Located Season ten.
Based.
Well.
Yeah.
It's taking quite time till later.
It is four five, four, five, seven, four.
It, it, it is 457498.
So it should be accurate in nine places.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, nine, eight.
So it is accurate in nine places and then it is kind of.
Cool.
So let's summited once, and I think I'm in the memorizing part.
Clearly.
One, two, three.
And.
Yeah.
Copy this.
Is this a madrid?
It could.
Pool.
Yeah.
So I just made this mistake.
I'm sorry for that.
Some of you might have got confused, of course, that when there are no switches left, when all the
plates contain zero species, all the dishes have zero switches, then expected number of rows.
They expect your number of weeks is zero because there isn't anything left of it.
And they told me it's an exclusion and it's executed.
So thank you guys and see you in the next part.
But before that, I like this you to read some problems like some examples and problems on expectation
values yourself.
I think you.